Hong Zhenzhen, are you crazy?
These things are his little mother
It was from that woman.
You say these things are yours?
Impossible absolutely impossible
I'm the real boy
I am the only owner of this banquet hall
I am the princess
It can't be this cripple
How dare you insult my daughter again?
I'll make you a real cripple
If you dare to disrespect my lady again
Even if your father comes, he can't protect you
My dad can't protect me
Do you know who my father is?
Hong Daying Suzaku Association President
I can call hundreds of people with one call
Do you believe that?
Call your dad right now
Let him roll over
Daughter don't be afraid
Your dad is on the way now
Let's give these bumpkins a taste today
The strength of our Suzaku Society
Humph
How do you want us to meet?
Dear daughter, don't you like these gifts?
Wait for your dad to come
These are yours. Hello?
You are robbing Ming
What about robbing?
We Suzaku will see that he is originally this kind of business
With such a big piece of fat sheep
It's not a grab.
Sorry for my hands